## Project Descrription
Build ML model, train, test the model using 70/30 and compare prediction and variation using Root Mean Square Error.


Dependencies

sparkML libraries
Databrick community & Notebook - create a cluster

Linear Regression Model is a form of modelling technique with dependent and independent variable

Terms used:
randomSplit
VectorAssembler()
transform()
setMaxiter()
setRegParams()

Ridge and Lasso Regression are types of Regularisation techniques


The file train.csv contains 1460 rows and 81 columns. Each row corresponds to an Housing Details.
The columns are:

MSSubClass: Identifies the type of dwelling involved in the sale.


Prepare the Training Data
To train the regression model, you need a training data set that includes a vector of numeric features, and a label column. In this project, you will use the VectorAssembler class to transform the feature columns into a vector, and then rename the SalePrice column to label.





VectorAssembler()
VectorAssembler(): is a transformer that combines a given list of columns into a single vector column. It is useful for combining raw features and features generated by different feature transformers into a single feature vector, in order to train ML models like logistic regression and decision trees.
VectorAssembler accepts the following input column types: all numeric types, boolean type, and vector type.
In each row, the values of the input columns will be concatenated into a vector in the specified order.

Define the Pipeline
A predictive model often requires multiple stages of feature preparation.
A pipeline consists of a series of transformer and estimator stages that typically prepare a DataFrame for modeling and then train a predictive model.
In this case, you will create a pipeline with stages:
* A StringIndexer estimator that converts string values to indexes for categorical features
* A VectorAssembler that combines categorical features into a single vector
